README.md, before:

# Weather & Counter Telegram bot

## How to run

> First, ensure the `.env` file has the following entries with their respective API keys.
> - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
> - `BOT_KEY`
> - `WEATHER_KEY`


### Docker

1. Build image `docker build . -t <image_name>`
2. Run container with environment variables from `.env` file `docker run --env-file .env <image_name>`

### Native

1. Ensure Python 3.12+ is installed.
2. Ensure [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation) is installed.
3. Run `poetry install` to install dependencies.
4. Run the project with `poetry run main`

## Considerations

1. Would it be out of scope to get rid of the buttons and use function calling?
2. If the bot is in a group, should the counter be unique for each user?
3. Should the counts be persisted?
4. The current implementation uses polling to get updates from Telegram's API.
For an event based approach, it's possible to use webhooks instead, which would reduce unnecessary resource usage.

## To do

- Deploy (webhook implementation is required, unless deploying on VPS)

Commit message:

updated README.md: webhooks implemented, deployed on GCP

README.md, after:

# Weather & Counter Telegram bot

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Bot is deployed on GCP, it's telegram username is `@weathercounterbot`.
> Some latency may be experienced (mostly due to cold starts)

## How to run

> First, ensure the `.env` file has the following entries with their respective API keys.
> - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
> - `BOT_KEY`
> - `WEATHER_KEY`


### Docker

1. Build image `docker build . -t <image_name>`
2. Run container with environment variables from `.env` file `docker run --env-file .env <image_name>`

### Native

1. Ensure Python 3.12+ is installed.
2. Ensure [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation) is installed.
3. Run `poetry install` to install dependencies.
4. Run the project with `poetry run main`

## Considerations

1. Would it be out of scope to get rid of the buttons and use function calling?
2. If the bot is in a group, should the counter be unique for each user?
3. Should the counts be persisted?
4. ~~The current implementation uses polling to get updates from Telegram's API.
For an event based approach, it's possible to use webhooks instead,
which would reduce unnecessary resource usage.~~

## To do

- [x] Deploy (webhook implementation is required, unless deploying on VPS)
